What is it guys I want kmax.
Now in this video I'll be just showing you that how we added this home products the products in here
because I just thought that you guys must be having confusing confusion.
That how it is created.
OK so you just have to go to visual billig now.
OK.
And then you'll be taken there.
So you have to just work with that you have to make some changes there so that it works properly.
OK you can see I'm sorry to hear that is it being loaded.
OK.
And I have some products that are being shown but I want to show you how they're being shown.
So you can see this is a label that we have.
OK.
And in here we have a shop module.
This is the shop module.
We have product Koun and we have call them by number and the order by is 3.
So I'm going to show you how this is going to look so if you just come here you can see that we have
the column selected is this and then this.
So here we have a shop module which is this.
So let me show you everything from start.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to delete it.
OK.
And I'm deleting you can see that this is right here.
So we have all products and nothing else.
I'm just going to come here and I am going to just add new shop modules.
I'm going to come here I'm going to go down.
And here you can see that we should be having a sharp tap.
So this is the shop tab that we have right now and I am going to show you the recent products you can
see all the products are coming here.
And so I don't want it.
I just want to show just to sell products.
OK.
So you told just to sell products or the popular products so for popular products I think it should
be best selling products best selling products means popular products.
OK.
So I'm just going to show popular products from here.
And the products count is going to be three.
OK not more than that.
So then it will show you only of the three products right here.
You can see this is how it is looking OK.
And then we have the column numbers of column numbers going to be three maximum.
You can just check it out and you can see this will be a default is also 3 basically.
But you can also go for columns if you want four columns and for Column B here and then in the product
count you have to just add four.
So it will show four products right in here.
OK.
You can see how this is looking but I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to choose a default one
that is the 4 3 and just choose just three from here.
And then we have the Otterbein This is called the fold sorting.
You can also order by oldest to newest or sort by price to like low to highest so low price will be
here and the high price will be on the left side right.
So you can see this is the lowest This is right here.
This is right here.
OK so this is how it works now here we have the elements so you can show the page anation if you want
to.
OK.
Then it will show all the products in here you can see all the products are coming here and it is creating
a mess so then we have in the background image great here.
It can also work for the background.
OK.
We have the admin label and everything.
So you can see how this is looking.
We have the
design right here and in here we have the sale bag so you can change the seal beach color.
OK.
You can move it to be like the brown that we always use.
I'm just going to make it proud.
OK.
Now here I want to go with image so you can also go with the image box shadow if you want to give it
can see how this shadow is looking so you can make it like where you want it to be like this.
OK you can see how this is looking.
We have box châteaux word Tichel position you can also make it below and something like that so you
can see how it's looking.
OK we have the image shadow.
And then we have let's go down and we have the text so we can change the text.
We can make it centered online you can see this is now aligned to center.
We can also give it a shadow if you want to but I don't want to give the shadow here we have the title
text we can make it a little much bigger in size so that it is visible.
OK you can see how this is looking.
OK.
I go down and then I have the price deck so price text can be like Brown if you want to change the price
deck's colors.
I'm just going to make it
proud.
You can see the price text is now brown.
OK.
I have the Cybil changing that I can do.
I have the vid so I can make it smaller one too.
I have the spacing.
I have the border and the box shadow and the animation.
So in animation I want to give in the slides so the slide should be from the right so you can see how
the slightest looking.
So this is how you want it you have to give the animation and you can see this is looking amazing.
And instead of this.
OK so you can just see it.
So now you can see that you can this is how you can just add the sharp effect the shopping things here
in here and you can see you can build a professional based WordPress e-commerce based Web site OK.
So you can see how creative it's looking.
So now we are totally done with this in the next video.
We will be breaking up in the shop.
So that is going to be so much fun guys so stay with me till there and you guys are going to love.
We're going to install a plug in basically that is called a multi lead out and then we're going to be
working up with that.
So stay guys and by.